[Music]
[Applause]
this lesson features an iconic and
hilarious scene from friends where we
learn about Ross and Rachel's bedroom
fantasies obviously this may be
offensive to some viewers and if you are
easily offended then I would recommend
you check out all of our family-friendly
lessons in this playlist instead
otherwise get ready to laugh and learn a
ton with this lesson from friends honey
I was wondering hmm do you still have
that Navy uniform no I did turn it to
the costume place I think I have an old
band uniform from high school having sex
in high school right mmm
you what about you what make fun you
know fantasy-type things no you gotta
have one nope
Ross you know what if you tell me I
might do it
okay
did you ever see Return of the Jedi yeah
do you remember the scene with um Jabba
the Hutt
well Jabba had as as his prisoner
Princess Leia
Pence's Leia was wearing this gold
bikini things pretty cool honey I was
wondering hmm as you bye Rachel honey is
a term of endearment that is a loving
word used for calling the people you are
close with similarly to deer or sweetie
it's mostly used to address your partner
or a child this is the most special day
of our lives
I realized that honey but I'm not gonna
spend all the money on one party honey I
love you but if you call our wedding a
party one more time you may not get
invited honey I was wondering hmm
do you still have that Navy uniform as a
verb to wonder means to think and ask
yourself questions the expression I was
wondering is used to ask someone
politely if they would like or accept
doing something example I was wondering
if I could borrow your car I was
wondering if I could talk to you for a
moment yes of course what would this be
regarding the anthem listen I was
wondering if maybe you have to work you
and I could go out and we'll grab a cup
of coffee more generally you can also
use it to show your curiosity about
something example I was wondering what
happened to you look at that chip
Matthews called wonder what he wants
do you still have that Navy uniform Navy
refers to the part of a country's armed
forces for example the US Navy that is
trained to operate at sea in the scene
rachel's asking ross if he still has a
navy uniform he had rented previously do
you still have that Navy uniform no I do
return it to the costume place when
talking about objects to return means to
give or send something back to where it
came from for example if you buy shoes
online and then when you receive them
you rise they are the wrong size for you
you may return the shoes that is send
them back to the store Joey what are you
doing with the bag your auditions done
tomorrow
yeah but sandwich time is right now so
you know you've got any mustard on that
bag you can't return it
why whatever turn this I love this bag
I'd like to return this couch I'm not
satisfied with it
you want to return this guy it's cut in
head no had to return it to the costume
place Roz is saying that he's already
given a navy uniform back to the costume
place a costume is a set of clothes that
intend to copy a specific character or
style commonly worn for costume parties
such as on Halloween we often use place
to refer to a certain shop or restaurant
in a vague way example have you tried
that new burger place
so a costume place would refer to a
store where you can rent or buy costumes
hey are you a friend Sam but with our
flu with friends course you will learn
English with the full episodes of the
first two seasons of friends and you can
try for free right now with our
three-part mini course just look up at
the top or down the description below to
learn more and sign up and if you do I
hope you really enjoy it I think I have
an old band uniform from high school
here Ross is talking about the uniform
he would wear to perform with the
school's marching band very common in
high schools and universities in the
United States and that mostly perform
field shows at sporting events I think I
have an old band uniform from high
school high school right mmm
students who are in the school band are
generally thought of as not cool or
popular so most women would probably not
find a band uniform very sexy rachel is
humorously reminding Ross of this fact
[Music]
what about you or how about you is an
expression used to ask someone about
their preference or opinion in response
to what you have just said example I
like skiing and hiking what about you
what do you like I'm ready to go how
about you Joey what what are you doing
here waiting for my grandma to finish my
laundry what about you I'm here to see
Mary Angela
[Music]
God you can't even see where the Titanic
hit it his name is Barry he's a doctor
thank you very much oh just like you
always wanted
congratulations thank you so how about
you are are you seeing anybody no not
right now well that's okay you make fun
you know fantasy-type things so here
Rachel's talking about how couples might
consider wearing costumes in order to
make their sex life more interesting
first she told the Ross about her sexual
fantasy and now she's asking him if he
has any know
you gotta have one gada is a reduction
of have got to to have got to is used to
express that a you are sure of something
or that B you think something is
necessary for example somebody just call
this on the phone it's got to be my
lawyer he said he would call this
afternoon I gotta go it's late I really
do understand how hard it's gotta be to
leave your child with another person I
mean it's like leaving behind a piece of
your heart okay we do what would you
hold him for a second I gotta take this
off oh yeah there sure okay oh how angry
do you think Joey's gonna be that is
hard to say we're also it's hard to say
he's gotta be here someplace you would
think so here at learning of the TV
series every single week we help
learners like you understand that
speaking natives without getting lost
without wasting the jokes and without
subtitles
take Kafer for example who says that he
has improved his english and increased
his vocabulary in three months that he's
been studying with us and you can't -
you just have to hit that subscribe
button and the bow down below so you
don't miss any of our new lessons you
gotta have one nope
you know what if you tell me I might do
it you know what is an expression used
to indicate that one is going to say
something interesting or surprising I'll
be back in a couple of hours I'll miss
you me too you know what I just realized
something I don't want to go home did
you ever see um Return of the Jedi
Return of the Jedi is a 1983 movie from
the original Star Wars trilogy do you
remember the scene with them
jabba the hutt
well java had as as his prisoner
Princess Leia
if you're a fan of Star Wars you should
already know this but Ross is referring
to characters that appear in Return of
the Jedi
this is Jabba the Hutt and this is
Princess Leia in the movie
Princess Leia was captured and kept in
prison by Jabba she was a prisoner Leia
was wearing this gold bikini thing Ross
is talking about Princess Leia's outfit
in a scene where she appears wearing
what he describes as a gold bikini thing
gold refers to the metal gold or simply
the colour of that metal a bikini is a
woman's two-piece swimsuit like this one
hey do you love Clips like this
featuring Ross and Rachel well check out
all of our lessons featuring one of TV's
most unforgettable couples in this
playlist by clicking up at the top yeah
Princess Leia and the gold bikini
every guy Rach loved that really it's
huge yeah that's the moment when when
you know she stopped being a princess
and she became like you know a woman you
know did you ever do the lancing oh yeah
guess what what they published my paper
where is my strong Ross Skywalker to
come rescue me
[Applause]
yeah Oh Princess Leia and the gold
bikini every guy writes love that really
it's huge yeah that's the moment when
when you know she stopped being a
princess and she became like you know a
woman huge is the same as very big
example this Apple is huge in the case
of what Phoebe said she means that the
scene with Princess Leia wearing the
gold bikini is huge figuratively that is
it is important or very popular yeah
well I guess it is pretty big news
pretty big it's huge
god this guy doesn't have a clue he's
just walking down the street making
stuff I'd sexes Rachel Green I rock then
BAM he's a father everything's different
Banach and I almost got married last
night
my god that's huge it's huge yeah that's
the moment when when you know she
stopped being a princess and she became
like you know a woman you know as you
probably noticed Phoebe here says you
know three times do you know what it
means and why she makes use of this
expression so often when used this way
you know is a discourse marker which is
basically a way to fill a moment of
silence or to give oneself more time to
think and continue with the rest of the
sentence
she also says the word like as a
discourse marker that's the moment when
when you know she stopped being a
princess and she became like you know a
woman you know check out these other
examples Phoebe and I are moving in
together
I know it's so exciting you know I've
never lived with a guy before so how's
this how's this gonna work you know with
us you know when like important
decisions have to be made because she
exchanges every gift she ever gets it's
like impossible to get her something she
likes we explained a lot more about how
to use like you know and other discourse
markers in English
in this lesson with Emma Watson you may
want to watch it after you finish this
lesson guess what what they published my
paper guess what is an informal
expression used before you give someone
very good news or tell them something
that they will be very excited about
[Music]
hey guys alright I know it's last minute
but we've decided to have a Halloween
party be sure not to confuse this with
the expression we explained earlier you
know what which we use to announce
something surprising or interesting
guess what what they publish my paper
Ross is referring to his academic paper
which is a piece of writing on a
particular subject that is normally made
to be published in science magazines and
journals did you hear how Rachel reduce
the sound of the words let me this is a
good example of how native speakers cut
and connect words let's practice it with
Rachel
let me see them are you interested in
mastering connected speech and
reductions in English click at the top
or down on the scription below to join
our free mini-course and learn more
great to rescue somebody is to save or
help them out from a dangerous harmful
or unpleasant situation example they
were found in the middle of the ocean
and rescued by a helicopter Phoebe is
joking that Ross is Luke Skywalker a
character from Star Wars who rescues
Princess Leia when she was Jabba's
prisoner hey are you a Star Wars fan
like Ross's well we actually have a
lesson teaching English with Star Wars
that you can check out after you finish
this lesson you me
[Applause]
there he is is a common exclamation in
English used to show that you have found
somebody you were looking for it can be
collocated with other personal pronouns
with the same effect also it's normally
used when the speaker was probably
wondering where the person or object was
when they or it finally appeared oh
[Music]
right here
is your baby oh my god Wow here it is I
see it congratulations honey I was
wondering
hmm
do you still have that Navy uniform no I
did turn it to the costume place I think
I have an old band uniform from high
school not having sex in high school
right hmm you what any fun you know
fantasy-type things no you gotta have
one nope
you know what if you tell me I might do
it okay
did you ever see um Return of the Jedi
yeah do you remember the scene with them
Jabba the Hutt
well Jabba had as as his prisoner
Princess Leia
Princess Leia was wearing this gold
bikini things pretty cool yeah I'll
Princess Leia and the gold bikini every
guy writes loved that really it's huge
yeah that's the moment when when you
know she stopped being a princess and
she became like you know a woman you
know did you ever do the lancing oh yeah
guess what what they published my paper
[Applause]
[Music]
all right awesome job
I hope you've learned a lot and have a
lot of fun but don't stop the learning
now check out all of our lessons with
friends into this playlist and be sure
to check out that free up three-part
mini course so you can take your
learning to the next level right now and
now it's time to go beyond the classroom
and live your English oh yeah